Well, I don't have to tell you that many people today are totally self-absorbed.
They spend a lot of time on the Internet, a lot of time on social media talking about
themselves, talking about their own accomplishments.
And that's in contrast with Jehovah's people, because Jehovah's people are concerned with
giving God glory.
And this is in line with what we read at Psalm 96 and verse 8.
Now this is the only text we're going to read during this talk, and I am going to have
a look at three words in the phrase that we're going to be reading.
So please let's look it up.
I'll give you a moment to find it.
If you're like me sometimes it takes a little while to find things in the Bible.
Psalm 96 and verse 8.
And it's just the first clause, the first phrase that we're going to look at.
It says, give Jehovah the glory, do his name.
Give Jehovah the glory, do his name.
Now what were the circumstances during which these words were first spoken?
They were first spoken on a very happy occasion, a special spiritual occasion.
They were first spoken.
They're part of the song, and that song was first composed by David when he was bringing
the arc of the covenant back to Jerusalem.
So you can imagine the joy with which these words were spoken.
And finally, eventually that song became part of the Theocratic songbook that the Israelites
used when they were praising Jehovah.
Now we're going to focus on three words in this phrase that I just read.
Three, do and name.
Give Jehovah the glory, do his name.
Now when you think of the word glory, what comes to your mind?
If you're like me, you're probably think of a blinding light, a light that's so intense
that you have to shield your eyes.
You might think of the words of the Apostle John when he wrote that God is light.
And so you might ask yourself, how could an imperfect person like me give God glory?
Well, it all comes together when we appreciate what the scriptures mean by glory.
Now let's be real simple.
In the scriptures means anything that makes someone or something impressive.
I'm going to repeat that.
In the scriptures, glory means anything that makes someone or something impressive.
Now with that simple definition in mind,
we realize that we can ring glory to God in our preaching work.
Well we tell others how wonderful Jehovah is, how impressive he is.
We have many reasons to boast in our God.
Our God is merciful and compassionate.
Our God is empathetic when we feel hurt.
He feels hurt.
Our God is humble.
He shows concern for widows and orphans and others who are often neglected by society.
We also bring a glory to Jehovah when we give him credit for our accomplishments.
David did that.
Remember what David said?
By God's power, I can scale a wall.
But we can give glory to God without saying a word.
Think of the heavens.
What does the Bible say about the heavens?
There is no speech.
And there are no words.
Their voice is not heard, yet what does the Psalm continue to say?
The heavens are declaring the glory of God.
We can't help but be impressed by Jehovah's creation.
Well so much for glory.
We give Jehovah the glory due his name.
Now we give someone his due when we give him what's rightfully his.
And Jehovah has an absolute right to receive glory from men.
We're reminded of what the 24 elders said as recorded at Revelation 4 and verse 11.
They said, you are worthy Jehovah our God to receive the glory.
Give Jehovah the glory due his name.
What about God's name?
Well, we were thrilled when we first learned that God has a name and that prompted
some of us to study the Bible and come into the truth.
Now if learning that God has a name had that effect on you, don't you think that it could
also have that effect on people in your territory?
Have you asked people in your territory recently what do you like to see God's name in the
Bible or have you ever seen God's name in the Bible?
That could lead to some very interesting discussions.
A missionary serving in a country where most of the people believe in God.
They're either Catholic or Muslim but they all believe in God.
They don't know much about him.
But I like the way he reasons with them.
He says, when you want to become friends with someone, the first thing you do is introduce
yourself.
You tell him your name, he tells you his, and you become friends.
What we all want to be friends of God.
So a good first step is to find out his name and then he reads the God's name in the
Bible.
We give God glory when we defend his name and his reputation.
Well what does the name mean?
Well many scholars say it means he causes to become.
And we know that Jehovah can cause us to become whatever he wants to be.
So think about what we heard earlier in this program today.
If he wants us to become a missionary, if he wants us to work in construction, if he
wants us to be a special pioneer or a servant at Bethel, a Jehovah can give us the strength.
He can give us the ability to do that.
And all we have to do is put our trust in him.
Now like the heavens, we can sometimes give God glory without saying a word.
How?
By our fine conduct.
How many unbelievers have come into the truth sometimes after being violently opposed
for years because of the conduct of their Christian mate and children?
How many unbelievers have been impressed by the way we take care of one another and others
when disaster strikes?
So we think about the words of Jesus and the sermon on the mount.
When people see our fine works, they give glory to our Father in heaven.
Jehovah is also glorified when his servants respond to the leading of his spirit in their
Christian life when they become more humble, more loving, more trustworthy.
Now, if you're an appointed man, have the elders found you to be more reasonable, more
tactful, more yielding over the years?
When they see those changes in us, our brothers and sisters don't fail to give credit
to Jehovah God and Jehovah God is praised.
So in 2025, let's give serious thought to ways we can give God glory.
And to remind us, those words, the words of Psalm 96.8 are going to be posted in our
kingdom halls as our eurotech.
So what's the eurotech again?
Psalm 96.8, give Jehovah the glory, do his name.
Now there's a poem entitled Give Jehovah Glory.
And I'm going to read it to you.
We don't usually, we don't do poetry in our publications because it's too hard to translate.
But this is a good one and I'm going to read it to you.
It's entitled Give Jehovah Glory.
Who is like you, O Jehovah, high on your heavenly throne?
How could I ever repay you for all of the love you have shown?
When I look up to the heavens, power and glory I see.
Who then am I, O Jehovah, that you would show favor to me?
My life is yours, O Jehovah.
May all I do bring you praise.
Gladly I'll speak of your goodness and tell of your glorious ways.
Serving you, great God, Jehovah, fills me with honor and pride.
You are my strength and my glory forever may you be my guide.
I have my own emotions and valleys below me, sun, moon and stars up above, fill me with
joy and with wonder and show me your unending love.
Majesty, wisdom and beauty, these are the things that I see.
How could I not give you glory for making it all come to be?
Those words were composed for a very happy occasion, a spiritual occasion.
They're part of a song, an original song that was composed specially for this annual
meeting.
And guess what?
Guess what?
We are going to sing that song at the conclusion of this meeting.
I said to the governing body, are you sure?
And they said, oh yes, they have tremendous confidence in your musical ability.
Now just so you know, the governing body has decided that from now on, a new original
song based on the Eurotex is going to be featured at each annual meeting.
The brothers in music services are busy working on the one for 2026.
Now during the past two months, the music team and translation services all around the
world have been working feverishly to translate, record and mix the song.
And as a result of their efforts, when this talk is released on October the 14th, the song
will be released simultaneously with the English in over 400 languages.
So let's see how those words sound when they're put to music.
Now remember, we're going to be singing this song at the conclusion of the meeting and
we don't want anybody just moving the lips with no sound coming out.
That's, there is a reason why we call it a song.
So pay attention and enjoy.
Give Jehovah glory.
You sure are an encouraging group with all this applause.
You know, that's why we're going over time.
Well now if you're listening in your room, when the time comes to sing, be sure to join
in.
Remember, the Lord is listening.
So don't think that just because you're in private that you shouldn't join in.
But we all want to join in and this is a way we can give additional glory to Jehovah.
So in 2025, let's pay special attention to ways we can give God glory.
He certainly is worthy.